‪[Joyce] ‪You show up to the celebration
‪whether you like it or not.
‪[Jonas] ‪It's over between you and I.
‪You need to accept that.
‪[emotional music playing]
‪[detainee] That dog. [scoffs]
‪That bastard
‪actually called the police on me?
‪-[chattering]
‪-[scoffs]
‪Yes. I did scratch his car.
‪But after everything
‪he has done to me? [scoffs]
‪He was busy sleeping around
‪with all those bitches he came across.
‪Then he gives me HIV?
‪AIDS? [scoffs]
‪What I did was not enough.
‪I should have grabbed him
‪by the balls and castrated them
‪because that's what makes him feel
‪like a man.
‪We'll see if he can cheat then.
‪You must think I'm crazy. right?
‪[scoffs]
‪I am not crazy.
‪And then you?
‪What's a beautiful lady
‪like you doing here?
‪[Joyce scoffs]
‪My husband's side chick got me arrested.
‪I burnt down our old house
‪that we used to live in.
‪with both of them still in it.
‪[laughing]
‪Girl. you are the bomb.
‪You burnt it? You burnt the house down?
‪Why didn't I think of this?
‪I should've burnt
‪his house down. the bastard.
‪-It's a pity they survived. [scoffs]
‪-Bastard.
‪You know.
‪we have a party.
‪To celebrate our 20th anniversary.
‪And it's happening soon. in a few hours.
‪And me.
‪I'm here.
‪And what about my kids?
‪Nkazimulo is just a baby.
‪Everything I've worked for
‪my whole entire life…
‪I'm going to lose it.
‪Happy anniversary. Sis.
‪[Jonas] You called the cops?
‪What were you thinking?
‪I don't get you.
‪[chuckling]
‪Jonas.
‪-What did you want me to do?
‪-Listen. and let me tell you something.
‪As the Gomoras.
‪we don't air our dirty laundry in public.
‪-At all. Yes.
‪-Really?
‪Was I supposed to lie to the cops?
‪After we both almost got burnt alive?
‪I don't like
‪a woman that doesn't listen to me.
‪-[chuckling]
‪-Oh. you think this is funny?
‪Jonas.
‪So. I'm the bad guy now?
‪While Joyce almost burnt us alive?
‪-[car door opens. closes]
‪-She's the mother of my children.
‪-[Menzi] Dad! Dad!
‪-[Mpume] Dad!
‪[Jonas] Mpume? Menzi?
‪Wow. Mom is in jail. and you're here
‪lounging like nothing's wrong.
‪-It must be nice.
‪-You chose to do nothing and not help her?
‪-[stutters]
‪-[Mpume] You don't care about us.
‪[stammers] Listen. Mpume.
‪I will fix this. okay?
‪I promise you.
‪The event only starts at 3:00.
‪Why are we leaving so early?
‪Hey. I want to arrive early
‪so I can be in the front-row seat.
‪Joyce is celebrating an anniversary
‪with a man she doesn't live with.
‪-[laughs] She's really lost her mind.
‪-[Freedom] I don't care about all of that.
‪Oh. no!
‪Mpume says Aunt Joyce has been arrested.
‪-[Essie] What?
‪-[Freedom] What?
‪-Where did you see that?
‪-Right here.
‪Apparently. she's the one
‪who burnt the old Gomora house. Ma.
‪-Wow.
‪-[laughs]
‪I underestimated Joyce.
‪That means there's no party.
‪Let's forget about all of this.
‪-Yeah. you're right.
‪-Wait. wait. wait. We're going there.
‪Now I'm really eager
‪to see what's going to happen.
‪-Huh?
‪-Yes!
‪You think I'd want to miss that drama?
‪Come on. let's go.
‪-Let's go then.
‪-Let's go. children.
‪[Sarah] ‪But. Mom‪…
‪[siren wailing]
‪[people chattering]
‪[warden] Joyce Gomora!
‪-[pounds bars]
‪-You got bailed.
‪-Come. Your husband is outside.
‪-[bars unlock]
‪-[cell door opens]
‪-Joyce Gomora?
‪No. man!
‪Yeah. I knew you looked familiar.
‪[radio chatter]
‪Listen. girl.
‪You know what? I'll DM you. okay?
‪You must respond. [chuckles]
‪[engine turns off]
‪Hold on. Joyce.
‪My publicist
‪is on standby as we speak
‪to take our joint statement
‪and to announce our divorce.
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪Oh. my God.
‪You know what. Jonas? I'm tired
‪of trying to fight whatever potion
‪this girl has clearly used on you.
‪You can have your joint statement.
‪I'll sign your divorce papers.
‪[inhales] Yeah. [sighs]
‪[scoffs]
‪But…
‪only after the party.
‪-Party?
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪Do you want your freedom or not?
‪No. no. no. no. Not in that way.
‪[operator] ‪You have 34 voice messages.
‪[Sophie] ‪Hey. Joyce.
‪I just want to confirm
‪my attendance to the anniversary event.
‪[Trinity] ‪Joyce. Trinity here.
‪I just want to confirm my‪…
‪[Sophie] ‪Joyce. we're definitely going
‪with the pink and white arrangement.
‪Joyce. I need
‪to go over the final touch-ups.
‪Nkazimulo.
‪will he be walking you down the aisle?
‪[clicks tongue] Whatever.
‪-‪Hi. You're speaking to Joyce.
‪-[line ringing]
‪[chuckles] Yes. No. no. I'm all right.
‪I wanted to talk to you about something.
‪I know what I'm going to say will be…
‪[chuckles] …a bit unusual.
‪But…
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪…I need your help.
‪[door closes]
‪-Ma.
‪-Mmm. baby.
‪So. you're really going ahead
‪with this. Ma?
‪Tell me. how long are you going to let
‪that man of yours treat you this way?
‪That man you're talking about
‪is your father. Let's not forget that.
‪Oh. Mom.
‪you deserve so much better than this.
‪My goodness! What's wrong with you?
‪This is marriage.
‪-You don't walk away so easily.
‪-In other words. you're saying that
‪if another man were to do the same thing
‪that Dad is doing to you. you'd be happy?
‪[jazz music playing]
‪[chattering]
‪[whistles] My brother. Give me two.
‪-[scoffs] There's Mrs. Party.
‪-[scoffs]
‪[Essie] She's acting like
‪everything is fine. She's so fake.
‪[Freedom] But. Mom. you have to admit.
‪she looks good. though.
‪You're pissing me off now.
‪Thank you.
‪Thank you. Ma.
‪[hopeful music playing]
‪[Joyce] What if he doesn't arrive. Thembi?
‪Friend. maybe you should wait for him
‪in the bridal suite. you know?
‪-Just in case this person…
‪-Uh-uh.
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪Joyce. where's Mr. Party?
‪I'm very excited to meet him in person.
‪Uh. he's on his way.
‪You'll see him shortly.
‪Really? He's coming?
‪-[both chuckle]
‪-Matipa.
‪I'm so happy to see you.
‪How could I dare miss
‪such a big and beautiful event?
‪-[Trinity] Mmm.
‪-[Joyce] This is Matipa.
‪-Uh. she's a…
‪-[Matipa] Family friend.
‪Of the Gomoras.
‪Actually. closer than that.
‪You see. Joyce and I are practically
‪sisters.
‪-[chuckles]
‪-You see that?
‪Joyce. aren't you gonna make
‪the big announcement?
‪-What announcement?
‪-[Matipa] Don't worry. I'll fill you in.
‪You see. as we're standing here. Joyce
‪and Jonas
‪are
‪-officially…
‪-[Jonas] Greetings.
‪[exhales] Ooh!
‪Ah. Thembi. You're here.
‪-Ma.
‪-My son.
‪Yeah. My wife.
‪My love.
‪[Joyce chuckling]
‪-[moans] Don't you want it?
‪-Not here. love.
‪-[chuckles]
‪-[Jonas] What?
‪-That's late-night activities. Not here.
‪-Ah. stop it.
‪[Joyce chuckles]
‪-How rude of us.
‪-Ah.
‪This is Trinity Cele.
‪the one I'm always talking about.
‪-Oh. Cele. You look gorgeous.
‪-Yes.
‪-Aren't you the one getting married here?
‪-[Joyce] My goodness! [laughs]
‪-[Jonas] I'm just asking.
‪-We'll be back.
‪-We'll be right back. Enjoy yourselves.
‪-Mr. Gomora.
‪-We'll be right back.
‪-We're happy to see you.
‪-Thank you. sir.
‪-It's good to see you. sir.
‪-God bless you.
‪-Amen. Amen.
‪-You can go ahead and have a seat.
‪-We'll be right there with you.
‪-Amen.
‪Oh. so the wild dog decided
‪to finally come?
‪-Oh. I'm the dog?
‪-Yes. you are.
‪-Don't you know that?
‪-How would this dog not come. though?
‪Especially because you spoke
‪to the minister's wife
‪-to threaten my tender.
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪-Joyce. how low can you go?
‪-You know what?
‪I'd even go
‪to the depths of hell if I had to. Jonas.
‪-Hell is exactly where you belong.
‪-Yes. hell. Don't you dare tell me that.
‪-Look at this. [stutters] What?
‪-Hey. hey. hey. don't.
‪-Don't touch it.
‪-I'm fixing my husband.
‪-I'm your husband now?
‪-My husband…
‪-Yes! It's our company together. Jonas.
‪-You're holding my company hostage. Oh.
‪-[Magesh clears throat]
‪-It's like that now.
‪-Uh. no! [laughing]
‪-[Jonas] Did you see me? Oh!
‪-Oh. my. Minister! [laughs]
‪-Greetings.
‪-Hello. darling.
‪-Who are we to be graced by your presence?
‪-You look so good.
‪-Thank you. You look good too.
‪-For us?
‪-Thank you very much.
‪Okay. now I want to
‪thank you very much for partnering
‪-with us on the bridge construction.
‪-Yes.
‪-Right.
‪-And this tender is very important to…
‪[minister's wife] You got this tender
‪because my husband and I
‪believe in the both of you.
‪-Oh.
‪-And the fact that you guys believe
‪in family principles and values.
‪My admiration for Joyce as a wife
‪goes way back.
‪We backed you. Jonas and Joyce.
‪-You're a package.
‪-[Jonas] Mmm.
‪[minister's wife] Mm-hmm.
‪-Let me take you to your seat…
‪-Oh. thank you.
‪-…so we can enjoy the festivities.
‪-Of course. Yes.
‪-My hubby. do you like it?
‪-All right. All right.
‪-[Joyce] My brother-in-law. [chuckles]
‪-[Magesh] My sister-in-law.
‪[chuckling] My sister-in-law.
‪-And then?
‪-[Jonas sighs]
‪What's going on here?
‪She ran off to the minister.
‪-Huh?
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪She got him to threaten the tender.
‪-You know what that means?
‪-What?
‪We're renewing our vows today.
‪It's going down.
‪[chattering]
‪[peaceful music playing]
‪[Joyce] ‪"Love is patient.
‪It is kind.
‪Love does not envy.
‪Love is not proud.
‪It does not dishonour others.
‪It is not self-seeking.
‪Love does not delight in evil.
‪But rejoices the truth.
‪It perseveres through everything.
‪It always trusts.
‪It always hopes."
‪I still love you.
‪-[shutter clicking]
‪-I don't think I'll ever stop.
‪[attendees applauding. ululating]
‪[clicks tongue]
‪[attendee whistling]
‪[sniffles] Okay.
‪-Hold on.
‪-[chuckling]
‪-[chuckles] No. stop it.
‪-Let me. What? Still.
‪[Magesh] Everyone knows that I…
‪I am not a man of many words.
‪-[Joyce chuckles]
‪-However. I felt compelled
‪to say something today.
‪It's no secret that my younger brother
‪and I had a rough upbringing.
‪But for him. it was worse.
‪It was worse
‪because he was a dreamer. you know?
‪But then things changed.
‪Joyce arrived.
‪-[all laugh]
‪-Yes. my sister-in-law.
‪This lady fought
‪-to open doors for this man.
‪-[shutter clicking]
‪[chuckles] What made Jonas love this lady
‪was the potential she saw in him.
‪She saw that he was a great man.
‪He once said. "With this woman by my side.
‪I will take over the world."
‪Twenty years later.
‪the job is not done yet.
‪Keep at it.
‪Conquer.
‪I'm talking too much now.
‪This thing of talking… That's what
‪happens when you marry someone like Essie.
‪-[all laugh]
‪-She's always talking.
‪You end up just like her.
‪No. no. no.
‪Let's raise our glasses. please.
‪To Jonas and Joyce.
‪To everlasting love.
‪-Cheers!
‪-[attendees cheering. ululating]
‪[Magesh] Cheers! Cheers.
‪-[shutter clicking]
‪-[gentle music playing]
‪-[attendees cheering. whistling]
‪-[attendee] Cheers!
‪So. are you going to sign the papers
‪after this show of yours?
‪[chuckling] Hmm?
‪-Jo.
‪-What?
‪What exactly made you stop loving me?
‪-[Freedom grunting]
‪-[shutter clicking]
‪I will not wait forever.
‪Understood?
‪Uh-uh. uh-uh.
‪Smile.
‪Everyone is watching.
‪[Joyce chuckling]
‪-[chuckles]
‪-Everyone is watching
‪the spectacular show of yours.
‪-[Joyce] Mmm.
‪-[Jonas] Mm-hmm.
‪My beautiful queen.
‪-Yes.
‪-[attendees cheering. ululating]
‪[laughs]
‪Menzi.
‪Why are you alone here?
‪The party's out there.
‪No. I needed some air.
‪How do you need air when we're outside?
‪Is that Tom Ford you're wearing?
‪Yes… [stutters] Why?
‪Because I love a man that has money
‪and power.
‪And smells good.
‪Don't sit here alone. Let's go dance.
‪Come on. Menzi! [chuckles]
‪[singing] ♪ ‪Let's go dance
‪Let's go dance‪ ♪
‪♪ ‪Let's go dance. let's go dance‪ ♪
‪[laughing]
‪Come on now. bro.
‪Now you just keep missing your chance.
‪Who said I missed my chance?
‪Oh. come on. What's wrong
‪with just grabbing her like this
‪-and landing a wet one?
‪-No. no. no. no.
‪That's sexual assault.
‪Was it sexual assault when she kissed you
‪while we were clubbing?
‪Get back in the game.
‪You are Menzi.
‪Aka Me-Me Gomora.
‪-[Freedom laughing]
‪-Hey. Gomora!
‪Hey. security. Go inside and get me
‪-Jonas Gomora right now.
‪-The guy from the club.
‪His brats messed up my club.
‪I'll do so. but you can't go inside.
‪-Hey. you little shits!
‪-Sir. Sir.
‪-Hey. hey. Watch it. Watch it!
‪You're sitting here
‪all alone playing games
‪while everyone's having a good time.
‪What's wrong?
‪Nah. I'm just tired. Dad. Nothing much.
‪-You're tired?
‪-Yes. [chuckles]
‪You owe me a dance.
‪-Yes.
‪-I want to dance with you. okay?
‪[both chuckle]
‪-Uncle.
‪-Yeah?
‪We have an issue outside. We need you.
‪-I'll be right back. We will dance.
‪-Okay.
‪Okay. [chuckles]
‪Jonas! Gomora!
‪-I said I wanted to talk to Jonas.
‪-Uh?
‪The boss of this place. Not his servant.
‪My boys told me what happened.
‪Can we resolve this?
‪-Mmm.
‪-Shame on you for coming.
‪-Your daughter invited me here.
‪-There's no such.
‪You thought Jonas wouldn't come.
‪didn't you?
‪And look how that turned out for you.
‪Leave Jonas alone. Forget about him.
‪I have nothing to say to you.
‪Fetch Gomora.
‪Come to my office some other time
‪and we'll fix this.
‪But today. it's my brother's anniversary.
‪Oh. fuck off. please.
‪What's wrong with you?
‪Shouldn't you be taking
‪some medication somewhere?
‪You're starting to get on my nerves.
‪This is why I wanted the boss.
‪Hey. fatty. Didn't you hear me clearly?
‪Fetch Gomora right now!
‪You see.
‪the problem with having a lot of money.
‪-people begin to think you're soft…
‪-[laughing]
‪-…and forget you're from the township.
‪-What are you trying to do?
‪-[grunting]
‪[groaning. coughs]
‪-[upbeat music playing]
‪-Piss off.
‪[groans]
‪So. this is the homewrecker
‪you've been talking about?
‪That's her. Mrs. Msomi.
‪You need to get your hands off
‪other women's husbands.
‪-What the fuck is wrong with you?
‪-You jezebel.
‪You two are witches.
‪You're the firstborn.
‪Grow some balls.
‪Learn to fix your own problems.
‪-Do you hear me?
‪-Yes.
‪[sighs] Piss off.
‪[glass clinking]
‪[no audible dialogue]
‪[Jonas] Greetings. everyone.
‪You know. there's something about today
‪that has given me time to reflect.
‪I remember
‪the first time I laid my eyes on you.
‪Your radiant smile. Joyce.
‪You captured my heart.
‪You are my rock.
‪And my life.
‪I owe everything that I am today
‪to my wonderful wife.
‪And my beautiful family.
‪[scoffs]
‪Happy anniversary. Joyce.
‪[attendees applauding. cheering]
‪[thunder rumbling]
‪You know.
‪Gomora. you have a great woman here.
‪-[Jonas] Mmm.
‪-[Mr. Msomi] Never forget that.
‪Amen.
‪[Joyce] Please allow me
‪to walk you to your car.
‪[Mrs. Msomi chuckles] Certainly.
‪Thank you.
‪-[Mr. Msomi] Okay?
‪-[Essie] I'm constipated.
‪-Yeah.
‪-[Essie] I woke up in the morning.
‪Mm-hmm.
‪-Safe journey. Msomi.
‪-Thank you.
‪-[exclaims]
‪-There you go.
‪[Essie] Whose car do you think
‪you're taking? I said. "No way!"
‪I fought!
‪They don't know who I am. I went…
‪-Brother.
‪-[sighs]
‪Essie is embarrassing us
‪in front of our colleagues.
‪-Sort it out.
‪-Okay.
‪-[thunder rumbles]
‪-[Magesh] Essie. it's time to go home.
‪[Essie] Why? Why? Why?
‪-Come on. Hurry up.
‪-Oh. Magesh. You're such a party pooper.
‪-You're ruining the vibe.
‪-There is a lot of alcohol at home.
‪-Come. Let's go.
‪-Joyce bought this alcohol
‪-for us to drink. Why?
‪-[Magesh] Now. stop there. Let's go.
‪-[Essie] What's your problem?
‪-[Matipa] What the hell is going on?
‪The only reason I came to
‪this stupid party was to humiliate Joyce.
‪Now it feels like the joke is on me.
‪[grunts] Do you think this is
‪an appropriate time to talk about this?
‪Is Joyce still going to sign
‪those divorce papers?
‪Jo. I'm talking to you.
‪I'm talking to you.
‪Jo. [inhales sharply]
‪[crickets chirping]
‪[dog barking]
‪There was no need for you
‪to drive me all the way home
‪just to make sure
‪that I signed your papers.
‪I miss you.
‪I miss you. Joyce.
‪Jo… [stammers]
‪I miss you. my love.
‪[exhales sharply]
‪[upbeat music playing]
‪[inhales sharply] Jo…
‪[Jonas breathes heavily]
‪[Joyce moans]